Database schema and GitHub checks (#30)
KennelTeam/sol-db-in: backend/app/database/README.md

## This is a documentation for Database module

> The database is representing a form and answers of people to this form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The database represents a form and answers of people to this form.
```

   8. Number
   9. Relation
4. `answer_block_id` - if the question is multiple choice or checkbox, 
what is the corresponding Answer Block
5. `tag_type_id` - if the question is long text, what type of tags is 
applicable
6. `show_on_main_page` - should the answer to this question be shown 
on the main page with these objects?
7. `formatting_settings` and `relation_settings` - links to the 
corresponding settings objects

### Relation Settings
1. `show_in_related` - does this relation need to be shown as a part
the related object form results?
2. `related_visualization_type` - if previous is True, then how to
show it:
   1. Full information
   2. Only name this object
   3. ... might be more options
3. `related_visualization_sorting` - key for sorting the answer between 
related answer blocks
4. `export_forward_relation` and `forward_relation_sheet_name` - 
does this relation need to be exported in Excel as one more sheet.
If yes, then how to call this sheet
5. `export_inverse_relation` and `inverse_relation_sheet_name` - 
the same, but with inverse relation (for example instead of 
leader-project we'll look at project-leader)

### Tags and Toponyms are stored as Trees

### Users

> 1. `login` and `login_hash` provide uniqueness and login for a user

Reviewer: What is the purpose of login_hash?

Author: It's an old version. Now there are hashes for names' uniqueness

2. `name` - full name to describe user to others
3. `comment` - some info about who is this user (filled by admin)
4. `password_salt` is added to password before hashing
5. `password_hash` is a hash of password + salt
6. `role` describes permissions of this user:

>    1. Unauthorized (if user tries to access something without 

Reviewer: Can a user be stored as `Unauthorized` in the DB?

Author: no
